Updated waf-sentinel.md with new section of Automatically detect and respond to threats (#102602)
Azure/azure-content: articles/web-application-firewall/waf-sentinel.md

1. Once finished configuring individual WAF resources, select the **Next steps** tab. Select one of the recommended workbooks. This workbook will use all log analytic data that was enabled previously. A working WAF workbook should now exist for your WAF resources.

   :::image type="content" source="media//waf-sentinel/waf-workbooks.png" alt-text="WAF workbooks" lightbox="media//waf-sentinel/waf-workbooks.png":::
   
## Automatically detect and respond to threats

> Using Sentinel ingested WAF logs, you can use Sentinel analytics rules to automatically detect security attacks, create security incident, and automatically respond to security incident using playbooks. Learn more [Use playbooks with automation rules in Microsoft Sentinel](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/tutorial-respond-threats-playbook?tabs=LAC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Sentinel ingested WAF logs, you can use Sentinel analytics rules to automatically detect security attacks, create security incident, and automatically respond to security incident using playbooks. Learn more [Use playbooks with automation rules in Microsoft Sentinel](../sentinel/tutorial-respond-threats-playbook.md?tabs=LAC).
```
changing to a relative link

> Using Sentinel ingested WAF logs, you can use Sentinel analytics rules to automatically detect security attacks, create security incident, and automatically respond to security incident using playbooks. Learn more [Use playbooks with automation rules in Microsoft Sentinel](https://nam06.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Flearn.microsoft.com%2Fen-us%2Fazure%2Fsentinel%2Ftutorial-respond-threats-playbook%3Ftabs%3DLAC&data=05%7C01%7Cshabazshaik%40microsoft.com%7C251028569b4a4c5fe73a08dadb18b674%7C72f988bf86f141af91ab2d7cd011db47%7C1%7C0%7C638063196525040224%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=h6ehWiqTK2O4Trlwrd1mwtFPT0uu973wwb3ARbLK5W4%3D&reserved=0).

Reviewer 2: I think your URL should be updated to not include the outlook safe link.

https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/tutorial-respond-threats-playbook?tabs=LAC
